Update tutorial.md on links about "entry point" and "plugin" (#6095)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/intro/tutorial.md

```

:::{note}
Besides WorkChain's, workflows can also be implemented as [*work functions*](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/workflows/concepts.html#topics-workflows-concepts-workfunctions).
These are ideal for workflows that are not very computationally intensive and can be easily implemented in a Python function.
:::

Let's run the `WorkChain` above!

:::{note}

> To simplify the basic tutorial, we have left out the steps to register the `MultiplyAddWorkChain` as a plugin which allows us to access the class through the [*entry point*](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/plugins.html#topics-plugins-entrypoints) named `core.arithmetic.multiply_add`.

Reviewer: This is adding the information twice. I would suggest to remove this and mention entry points only after they are used (below)

```console
$ verdi plugin list
```
to show the available pulgins and their entry points.
:::

Start up the `verdi shell` and load the `MultiplyAddWorkChain` using the `WorkflowFactory`:

```{code-cell} ipython3
from aiida import plugins
MultiplyAddWorkChain = plugins.WorkflowFactory('core.arithmetic.multiply_add')
```

The `WorkflowFactory` loads workflows based on their [*entry point*](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/plugins.html#topics-plugins-entrypoints), e.g. `'core.arithmetic.multiply_add'` in this case.

> The entry point mechanism allows AiiDA to automatically discover workflows provided not by  `aiida-core` and installed [*plugins*](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/howto/plugins_install.html)) and display them to the user, e.g. via `verdi plugin list aiida.workflows`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entry point mechanism allows AiiDA to automatically discover workflows provided by  `aiida-core` and [*AiiDA plugins*](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/howto/plugins_install.html)) and display them to the user, e.g. via `verdi plugin list aiida.workflows`.
```

> 
> A plugin can extend the functionality of AiiDA. Check out [How to install plugins](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/howto/plugins_install.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 
> Further reading [How to write a plugin for an external code](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/howto/plugin_codes.html#).
> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

:::{note}
Besides WorkChain's, workflows can also be implemented as [*work functions*](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/workflows/concepts.html).
These are ideal for workflows that are not very computationally intensive and can be easily implemented in a Python function.
:::

Let's run the `WorkChain` above!

:::{note}
To simplify the basic tutorial, we have left out the steps to register the `MultiplyAddWorkChain` as a plugin. This allows us to access it through the [*entry point*](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/plugins.html#topics-plugins-entrypoints) named `core.arithmetic.multiply_add`.

```console
$ verdi plugin list
```

> to show the available pulgins and their entry points.

Reviewer 2: this command only shows the entry points groups, it'll be better to elaborate a bit and provide an example of `verdi plugin list aiida.workflows core.arithmetic.multiply_add`.

:::

Start up the `verdi shell` and load the `MultiplyAddWorkChain` using the `WorkflowFactory`:

```{code-cell} ipython3
from aiida import plugins
MultiplyAddWorkChain = plugins.WorkflowFactory('core.arithmetic.multiply_add')
```

> The `WorkflowFactory` is a useful and robust tool for loading workflows based on their [*entry point*](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/plugins.html#topics-plugins-entrypoints), e.g. `'core.arithmetic.multiply_add'` in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WorkflowFactory` loads workflows based on their [*entry point*](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/plugins.html#topics-plugins-entrypoints), e.g. `'core.arithmetic.multiply_add'` in this case.
The entry point mechanism allows AiiDA to discover workflows provided not just by  ``aiida-core`` but by plugins as well.
```

:::{note}

> In AiiDA, an [entry point](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/plugins.html#topics-plugins-entrypoints) is a way to specify and register a plugin or code so that it can be discovered and used by the AiiDA framework.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [entry point](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/plugins.html#topics-plugins-entrypoints) is a way to make it easily access a core or user-defined AiiDA object and make the AiiDA objects discoverable. 
```

Reviewer 2: I'd also prefer this is not as a "Note", it just has too many "Note" in this section, and it is not something the reader need to note but more like detailed declarative information.

> 
> :::{note}
> In AiiDA, an [entry point](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/plugins.html#topics-plugins-entrypoints) is a way to specify and register a plugin or code so that it can be discovered and used by the AiiDA framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> A plugin can extend the functionality of AiiDA. Check out [How to install plugins](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/howto/plugins_install.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The plugin extend the functionality of AiiDA. There are many ready to sue plugins can be found in [AiiDA registry](https://aiidateam.github.io/aiida-registry/). Please check out [how to install plugins](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/howto/plugins_install.html)
```

> Further reading [How to write a plugin for an external code](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/howto/plugin_codes.html#).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you can not find the plugins that fulfill your tasks, you may want to create your own plugins. Then please check [how to write a plugin for an external code](https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/howto/plugin_codes.html#).
```
